This is a DEIIS example (Lectures 2 and 3, slides F13_DEIIS_02_IntelligentInfoSystem) and instructions for running it.
===================================================


1) Install Java SDK and Maven.   
2) Install UIMA Eclipse plugin. Instructions can be found [on this page](http://uima.apache.org/downloads/releaseDocs/2.2.0-incubating/docs/html/overview_and_setup/overview_and_setup.html#ugr.ovv.eclipse_setup.install_uima_eclipse_plugins). **A very important note:** don't read the UIMA tutorial any further and don't setup the UIMA_HOME variable! You don't need it, because UIMA components should be downloaded automatically by Maven.   
3) Git clone the current repository (to some location on your file system). For example, you can type in the command line:
```
git clone git@github.com:amaiberg/software-engineering-preliminary.git
```
  
4) Import deiis_example project to Eclipse. To this end, go to **File** -> **Import** -> **General** and click on the **Existing projects into workspace**. Next, Eclipse will ask to you select the location of the project. Go to the place where you checked out the project **git@github.com:amaiberg/software-engineering-preliminary.git** and select the subfolder **deiis_example**.   

5) In the folder **launch_configurations**, there are three lanuch configurations:  

i. DEIIS UIMA Run CPE : to run a Collection Process Engine (CPE)      
ii. DEIIS UIMA CPE GUI : to run a CPE and optionally **edit the CPE descriptor**  
iii. DEIIS UIMA Annotation viewer: to see the annotated XMI files produced by CPEs. XMI files contain CASes generated by the pipeline.

There are three CPEs (pipelines) available: GoldCPE, NgramOverlapCPE, and TokenOverlapCPE.  

The pipelines read questions from the folder **qaData**. The output is saved to  **outputData**  

Note that for the annotation viewer you need to specify an input folder and a type system file. One folder contains xmi file. It is **qaData/xmi**. The type system file is **src/main/resources/type_system/Chapter01_types.xml**
